Add kumargu@ profile (#3800)
opensearch-project/project-website: _community_members/kumargu.md

---
name: Gulshan
short_name: kumargu
photo: '/assets/media/community/members/kumargu.jpg'

> title: 'Snr Software Engineer AWS: Gulshan'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: 'OpenSearch Community Member: Gulshan Kumar'
```

primary_title: Gulshan Kumar
breadcrumbs:
  icon: community
  items:
    - title: Community
      url: /community/index.html
    - title: Members
      url: /community/members/index.html
    - title: 'Gulshan &apos;s Profile'
      url: '/community/members/kumar.html'
github: kumargu
linkedin: gulshan-kumar-b69017a9

> job_title_and_company: 'Snr Software Engineer AWS'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
job_title_and_company: 'Sr Software Engineer AWS'
```

> job_title_and_company: 'Snr Software Engineer AWS'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
job_title_and_company: 'Senior Software Engineer at AWS'
```

personas:
  - author
permalink: '/community/members/kumar.html'
---

> **Gulshan** is a Software Development Engineer working on OpenSearch at AWS, primarily focused on security features in OpenSearch. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Gulshan** is an AWS Software Development Engineer primarily focused on OpenSearch security features. 
```
